Yes, React native can be used to develop application for both mobile and web, but it requires some adjustments.
React Native was initially designed for mobile application (IOS and Android), but trough additional libraries like React Native Web.

How to Use React Native for Web
Here’s how React Native can be extended to support both mobile and web:

React Native Web: A library that makes it possible to run React Native components and APIs in a web environment. It provides React DOM-compatible components and APIs for a seamless experience on web browsers.

Install React Native Web:
bash
npm install react-native-web
Configure webpack, Babel, or Metro to support React Native Web in your existing React Native project.

Expo for Web: If you’re using Expo, a popular framework for React Native, it has built-in support for the web. Expo projects can run on the web with little to no extra configuration, making it easy to develop and deploy across platforms.


  Platform-Specific Code: Use platform checks to ensure a consistent user experience. React Native provides a Platform API to detect if the code is running on web, iOS, or Android and handle conditional logic accordingly:

  import { Platform } from 'react-native';

if (Platform.OS === 'web') {
  // Web-specific code
} else {
  // Mobile-specific code
}


Design Adjustments: Web apps often need more complex layouts and support for screen sizes not common on mobile. Customizing styling and layouts for web users can help your app feel more native to each platform.


Pros and Cons
- Code Reusability: With React Native Web, much of your code can be shared between mobile and web applications.
- Cross-Platform Consistency: You create a unified look and feel across both platforms.
- Reduced Development Time: Faster updates and features deployment across both platforms.


Cons
- Platform Limitations: Not all native modules are web-compatible, and some mobile-specific APIs may not work on the web.
- Performance: React Native Web can introduce performance trade-offs, especially if web-specific optimizations are not applied.
- Styling Differences: Handling responsive design for the web requires additional effort.


In summary, with React Native Web and careful design considerations, React Native can be used effectively for both web and mobile applications. However, it requires additional configuration and may not be suitable for all types of web projects, especially those needing highly optimized or web-specific functionality.
